README.md, before:

# Purfect Creation <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB"> 
- Interesting tech challenge set to take an Airtable api and create a dashboard for the customer to get insight or her top stats that will update as she edits her Airtable base. 
- Would be for internal use. 

## Challenges
- This was my first time using the Airtable API and a considerable amount of work went into working out how to retrieve the data. 
- Once this was achieved, Airtable sends data in batches of 100 which made it difficult to manipulate the true information on the frontend in react. 

## What is still left to do? What would I improve?
- I would like to spend a lot longer on this to find an adequate solution for retrieving and using all the data.
- I would like to have spent more time being tested on my atual technical and algorithmic knowledge rather than getting to know this one very specific programme. I do not feel I was afforded the opportunity to show my skills as I was limited by unfamiliar constraints or Airtable. 
- I have never used Docker before either an was unable to explore using this in the time frame. I understand the premise of it and would like to be able to complete this project using Docker given more time. 
- I would also like to have been able to cover the app with at least some tests. With building using TDD, having such a low test coverage is not really acceptable and up to my ideal standard. 


## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

Commit message:

added user story to readme

README.md, after:

# Purfect Creation <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB"> 
- Interesting tech challenge set to take an Airtable api and create a dashboard for the customer to get insight or her top stats that will update as she edits her Airtable base. 
- Would be for internal use. 

## User Story
````
Alice has recently started a business selling 3D printed jewellery for cats. 

As you would expect business is booming and Alice wants to keep track of the success of the business with a metrics dashboard.

She is currently managing her orders in a spreasheet in Airtable, and would like to continue to be able to do so.

She would like her dashboard to contain some key figures, such as:
    • Total Orders
    • Total Orders this month
    • Number of orders in progress
    • Revenue
    • A list of the most recent few orders

````



## Challenges
- This was my first time using the Airtable API and a considerable amount of work went into working out how to retrieve the data. 
- Once this was achieved, Airtable sends data in batches of 100 which made it difficult to manipulate the true information on the frontend in react. 

## What is still left to do? What would I improve?
- I would like to spend a lot longer on this to find an adequate solution for retrieving and using all the data.
- I would like to have spent more time being tested on my atual technical and algorithmic knowledge rather than getting to know this one very specific programme. I do not feel I was afforded the opportunity to show my skills as I was limited by unfamiliar constraints or Airtable. 
- I have never used Docker before either an was unable to explore using this in the time frame. I understand the premise of it and would like to be able to complete this project using Docker given more time. 
- I would also like to have been able to cover the app with at least some tests. With building using TDD, having such a low test coverage is not really acceptable and up to my ideal standard. 


## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)
